this is Liana the computer oh not again
what's I've got here so iPod Touch 4th
generation components this one is a
whole iPod Touch 4th Gen obviously he's
not looking normal
at the moment it's been brought to me
after this screen has been replaced as
some damage all the way up here a big
crack there so that's been replaced with
this everything was ok until it was
checked and it had a white screen and
now the white screen is quite a common
problem and the 4th gen iPod Touch after
a new screen has been fitted and there's
pretty much one of two cases really the
can be fixed or it can't be fixed
what are trying to find out what the
problem is that's causing it and then
we'll move on I've opened this up now
I'm just gonna have like a couple of
things I'm gonna be sold of this and
desalted the battery well just a point
on the batch we actually that's there
isn't soldered down properly so that
could because in the white screen what I
want to do what I want to achieve by
just lifting this up is looking at the
end of the digitizer cable the reason is
I could have showed you on this but so
it looks like the cable has been cut up
there's sort of a padded earth in blocks
on a spacer on the end of this that
should be there that has been known to
cause white screens if it isn't there so
I just want to see if it is there are
knots and then
we'll reassemble the iPods and hopefully
see it we're looking at the connection a
little more detail I see with my own
eyes that the block is there you
probably can't see it from this view but
if we look at this it'd been worth the
digitizer connector connects to come
down here and there's a very small part
just sort of hanging down coming below
the bottom of the connector and that was
the actual block itself so that's all
good
I've noticed that the rear-facing camera
here has become disconnected from the
main but I'll get that connected again
and then I'm just gonna reassemble the
iPod and hopefully we'll see it working
all right we've got the power on volume
circuit soldered down that but the
battery soldered down here we're gonna
put the silver plate back in next and
got things connected up to see whether
the Y screen has got everything screwed
down now for the silver plate as you can
see all the correct screws are in the
correct places I'm just gonna put this
screen into position and then we'll move
on yeah and here we are the moment of
truth I'm just gonna switch it on right
Y screen straight to Y so nothing's
changed yet I'm just gonna leave it for
now to see what's going on see if
anything can be done and then we'll move
on from there okay with this world and
I'll put into charge I'm just trying to
find out what state it saying was in his
half his own as any charging because as
you might have seen there when I
switched it on the screen went off I
press the power button then it came back
on now they should have just if there
was enough power in the battery for
example you should have just switched
down like I said I've got it into charge
I've heard no charge inside at the
moment if I do that it reacts stays on
and I'm guessing it's going to go up
there we go okay so I'm just trying to
decide what state it's in right now so
I'm just gonna leave it on to charge for
now see if it'll switch I'm sick or make
any noises like the charge noise so I
know exactly where it is and then we'll
move on we've got a bit development here
the white screen we see now that's just
come on on its own so I think the iPhone
is now switching on after habit enough
charging a battery so it looks like the
battery was probably flat now we're
switching on I'm gonna see what happens
I'm still gonna leave it for a few more
minutes just wait to the Y screen goes
off and then yep okay so that's the
charge in tone as well so no the
speakers okay
ice-creams has changed a little bit
so with that okay so I've just slid it
to unlock as well so the digitizer can
feel wanna press it there we go
now that is sort of confirmation that
things work up to now it's just a wire
screen that we need to get rid of so I'm
gonna try a couple of recess don't know
about SUSE if this won't go away
okay this iPod Touch it's still got the
wire screen unfortunately donkey was
caused it now I'm not too sure it's one
of the most frustrating things are only
not knowing the Cask if you need the
cards you can probably fix the problem
or avoid it happening in the first place
but anyway the recess I've tried I've
tried holding the home button and the
power button that still got the Y screen
another reset and it's holding the home
button the volume button and the power
button still not giving anything exactly
what that reset does I'm not too sure
but at the same time I'm not too sure
what's actually caused this Y screen
I've tried three different screens in
the mean time as well and it's still not
working so with that it looks like a
graphics hardware problem somewhere
inside the main bar and something like
that unfortunately can't be fixed so
with that there's nothing more than we
can do it's really unfortunate really
sad that this can't be fixed but
whatever the cause is is not say
something that can be solved with
another screen of reset
black says the mainboard so would that's
if you've got similar problems with your
own ipod touch please do give us a car
we can always help